Hello Welcome

We can use notepad to chat 

Here I'm trying to add a product but it doesn't work 

Have a clue ? To solve this 

Try python manage.py create_tables or python manage.py db migrate && python manage.py db upgrade so it could create the tables .

This was a new feature to make a new UI to help with making it easier to add products. It wasn't tested and or added to the live site because I pulled the developer into another project. I am guessing it has to do with the tables. 

Try it and let's see, otherwise we can test ypur codes directly on the live site. It maybe risky. but the live site doesn't have this new codes yet so it should be smooth

It seems all tables are up to date 
let's try it again, if it doesn't work I can give him a call. I hope he is awake, he was working all night

Okay

I don't think it has anything to do with socket. It should be faily straight forward. Let me take a look at the codes

How do you save the edit?

you mean in vscode ? yes

you already saved, let me restart manually
seems the variants is where the issue is

how do we fix? how do

If we can try to comment out the variant then we test it without it.

restart it lets see

okay

isaackeinstein@gmail.com


        <!-- ## f.render_form_field(form.variants) ## -->


it seems the comment wasn't picked up

It shouldn't show the variants. I think if it still shows the variants there will sti

why this is happening ?

I think the problem was that a variant or variants wasn't added in the database. That's my initial thoughts but why when he commented it out it still showed the variant boxxx , that part I don't get why

The comments should work unless there is a similar form and template being used

Not only for variants, it keep doing the same for other elements

so where is the url_for which direct it to required route , can't see it ?

Anything I can help?

The variants should work like the pricing, categoriesi.e they are added in the database and they appear in the drop down lis

well done

byee

with paystack, they give a redirect url and then this process will be handled automatically, isn't that the same thing with stripe or this is just a manual payment apart from stripe ?

So I copied the stripe keys (test keys from the productionn and saved here on local and tried ti

cool let me work on paystack and will get back in few minutes 
